Fix and refactor API changelogs (#3999)
astronomer/docs: api/fern/apis/iam/changelog/2024-07-31.md

## Summary

> This update introduces new endpoints for managing IP access lists. See [Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) for more information.

Reviewer: The docs for this feature are here: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/ip-access-list

> This update introduces new endpoints for managing IP access lists. See [Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
This update introduces new endpoints for managing IP access lists. See [Astro IP access list documentation](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/ip-access-list) for more information.
```
